feat(infield-progress-cirlce): new component, sharing tokens from progress circle (#3430)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/flat-snails-admire.md

---
"@spectrum-css/infieldprogresscircle": major
---

## Infield Progresscircle S2 Migration

> The infield progresscirlce is a subcomponent of the progress circle which is used in button, combobox, and picker. It's smaller in block size and has its own tshirt sizing.

Author: @marissahuysentruyt Looks like a new thing. Updating it now

> In-field progress circle is a new component created to replace progress circle (size S) in t-shirt size components such as: buttons, combo boxes, pickers. Comes in four sizes: (S, M, L, XL), has updated color variants (default, white, black), and unified track thickness.

Reviewer: Maybe we can make it clearer that we updated button, picker, and textfield to use infield progress circle? 

```suggestion
In-field progress circle is a new component created to replace progress circle (size S) in t-shirt size components. The button, textfield, combo box, and picker `template.js` files have all been updated to call for infield progress circles. This component comes in four sizes: (S, M, L, XL), has updated color variants (default, white, black), and has a unified track thickness.
```

## Mods

> `--mod-progress-cirlce-stroke-width`

Reviewer: Just a typo with "circle"

```suggestion
`--mod-progress-circle-stroke-width`
```

Author: Man I cannot spell circle at all 😅
